test: conformance testing with Prism (#79)
govuk-one-login/mobile-wallet-status-list-mock: README.md

## OpenAPI Specifications

This repo contains the following OpenAPI specs under `openApiSpec/`:

- `openApiSpec/mock/api-spec.yaml` — the deployed API Gateway spec for this mock service
- `openApiSpec/crs/crs-private-spec.yaml` — a copy of the CRS private API spec (`/issue`, `/revoke`)
- `openApiSpec/crs/crs-public-spec.yaml` — a copy of the CRS public API spec (`/t/{id}`)

### Why are the CRS specs in this repo?

This mock implements the same API contract as the real CRS service. To ensure the mock
does not drift from the real service, copies of the CRS specs are kept here and used in
two ways:

1. **Drift detection** — the private spec is checked against the upstream source daily and on every PR

> 2. **Conformance testing** — both specs are used by Prism to enforce the OAS contract against the running service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why are the CRS specs in this repo?

This mock implements the same API contract as the real CRS service. To ensure the mock does not drift from the real service, copies of the CRS private and public specs are kept here and used in two ways:

1. **Drift detection** — the private spec is checked against the upstream source daily and on every PR. The `check-oas-for-drift` workflow clones the `crs-backend` repo and uses [oasdiff](https://github.com/oasdiff/oasdiff) to diff its spec against the copy in this repo. Any difference will fail the workflow. When the workflow fails, a notification is sent to the OP Slack channel and engineers should action the diff as a priority by updating `openApiSpec/crs/crs-private-spec.yaml` to reflect the upstream changes.
2. **Conformance testing** — the CRS private and public specs are used by [Prism](https://github.com/stoplightio/prism) to enforce the OAS contract against the running service. See [test/conformance/README.md](test/conformance/README.md) for full details.
```

Suggest replacing the "OAS Drift Detection", "Conformance Tests", "How conformance and drift detection work together", and "When the conformance tests fail" sections with the above. The drift detection detail is folded into point 1, and conformance testing links out to its own README. I think most of what's under "Conformance Tests" is already in the conformance tests README - what isn't there already can just be moved over. What do you think?

Author: I have removed "OAS Drift Detection", "Conformance Tests" from here. Mvoed "How conformance and drift detection work together" and When the conformance tests fail sections to the conformance test readme.

to diff its spec against the copy in this repo. Any difference will fail the workflow. When the workflow fails, a
notification is sent to the OP Slack channel and engineers should action the diff as a priority by updating
`openApiSpec/crs/crs-private-spec.yaml` to reflect the upstream changes.

---

## Conformance Tests

Prism proxy-mode tests that verify the deployed service matches its OAS contract. They
cover `POST /issue`, `POST /revoke`, and `GET /t/{id}` against both the private and
public CRS specs. See [test/conformance/README.md](test/conformance/README.md) for
full details on how they work, the test suites, and how to run them.

### How conformance and drift detection work together

Drift detection ensures the spec copies in this repo stay in sync with the upstream CRS
spec. Conformance tests ensure the deployed service honours those specs. If the real CRS
contract changes, drift detection catches it. If a code or infrastructure change breaks
the mock's behaviour, conformance tests catch it.

### When the conformance tests fail

A Slack alert is sent to the OP channel on failure. The cause will be one of:

> - **422 from Prism** — request violated the OAS spec (wrong or missing Content-Type). Check the test or spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **422 from Prism** — request violated the OAS spec (e.g. wrong Content-Type). Check the test or spec.
```
